Will Horn: 00:00 
 Yeah, let me.  Hold on, let me talk for a second before we get too far into this, because it may be just easier to understand how we want to do it.  So I'm going to tell you why you're asking me this question and then we'll talk about what we need to do.  So you're asking me this question because I told you there were hiring pipelines in HubSpot and you found those, and that's okay.  A couple of years ago, we needed to be able to track candidates and we needed to be able to track form submissions for candidates.  So we've never.  I'm going to try to say this very cleanly, we've never actually used this infrastructure.  So we had Tech shift candidates apply to, you know, a form, and we would track their contact information here.  But as soon as we start talking to a candidate, we abandon this process.  And so what I'm telling you is we don't really have to use HubSpot for this.  We could use anything for this.  But we do need to be able to track the candidate lifecycle.  That's what's really important.  And we have all those events now in the candidate life cycle.  So that's what Rudresh just for the call for me and Anvitha and everybody.  Rudresh was asked to go build sort of the candidate hired butt and seat Life cycle so that we can track that and not make sure that we're dropping events.  Because we saw that with Brandon, our most recent hire.  Like, I still haven't ordered him a laptop, you know, and he's like four days into his work today.  So there's many reasons for that.  That's okay with Brandon and I.  But ultimately we want to sequence all this stuff.  So Rudrash, your walkthrough was pretty good.  It caught most of what we want to sequence.  But I'm going to tell you, like, we don't have to use HubSpot.  If we do use HubSpot, it's okay.  I think that ties into like a hiring support portal that we have that actually goes into AOS as data that we use.  And that's the People Ops tab in aos.  Like, where is this candidate who owns the next step and is it going okay?  Like, you know, are we going to hire this person or do we do something else?  And are we doing our part?  Because again, we just don't want to drop the ball.  That's kind of the goal right now, isn't perfection of tracking the process.  It's mostly just did we get all the things done and we're about to start doing that faster.  Like we're going to issue probably three to five job recs in the next couple of weeks.  And that's why I want to get this module done, is because we need to be able to track those recs and those processes.  So I'm not really worried about tracking candidates that we don't know yet or doing requirements recruiting with aos.  I just want to make sure that as people come in, they're either in a linear hiring project or they're in a HubSpot hiring pipeline so that we can track all those phases.  So I wanted to jump in and say all that.  I think I probably clarified some things in there for you, but I wanted to let you know that.  And I'm okay with using the HubSpot hiring pipeline.  Like, it's perfect for me because it has some stages that we may use or may change.  But what do you think knowing all those things I shared?

Rudresh: 16:10 
 Okay, so like, I have a one question.  If you are not using HubSpot here, then where is our source of truth of data?  Like, that's My.

Will Horn: 16:19 
 That's my question.  That's.  That's my question.  I just left for the team to solve.  So we have to have somewhere.  We have to be able to track a hiring board that tracks candidates.  Right.  So it either has to be a linear project or a HubSpot pipeline or some invention that we make in AOC.  Right.

Rudresh: 16:39 
 I think we can continue with AOS.  Like, what I think is if we keep AOS for that, then we don't need to depend on any other source like HubSpot or Linear or we also have deals there.

Will Horn: 16:55 
 Okay.  So the only thing that I have there is making sure that we're able to do that.  So we need a.  We need a kind of.  We need to think through that whole process.  I agree with you, Redress.  Generally we can track candidates and stage candidates in AOS without using a third party system.  We could also do it in Deal.

Juzar: 17:15 
 Right?

Will Horn: 17:16 
 We have Deal.  Deal must have some form of onboarding automation.  If we did it in Deal, we would then be locking ourselves more into Deal.  Right.  Rather than having our own solution.  And on the business side of enterprise, that's what we try to help customers not do.  So I support doing this in aos.  Do we all support doing this in aos?  Go ahead, Giselle.

Juzar: 17:46 
 But what I mentioned to run is like we create a form inside the HubSpot and like integrate in that form into our AOS so that like anyone who is going to get on board, like just fills up that form and like the back end is everything stored inside the app store.

Will Horn: 18:06 
 Right.  And so that helps us in two ways.  So, Jazz, I want to clarify what you just said and read it back to you, because one thing I didn't mention just then was that we need forms.  We know that we're going to have forms.  We're going to have all kinds of like hiring forms that or public or internal or maybe a Slack app or something like that.  Right.  And so I agree.  Can the forms live in HubSpot and all the data and staging live in AOS?  Because that eliminates HubSpot dependencies as well.  Right?

Juzar: 18:41 
 Right.  So like, but my question is like, if we are using a HubSpot, right, then why do we use form store data in other.

Will Horn: 18:55 
 Because we don't want to be married to HubSpot.  And HubSpot forms are very easy to use because HubSpot has a very easy to use form builder and anyone in our business can go build forms using HubSpot.  So I don't want to replicate form building and deployment functionality in AOS if we can just integrate those forms to the AOS data lake.  Right.  So the question is really about do we want to continue to store our like, business critical data in HubSpot and continue to pay increasing HubSpot fees over the years to get it out of there?  Right.  That's really what we're talking about.  So I don't think we have to use the form builder.  1, 1 Answer to your question.  We don't have to use the form builder in HubSpot and we don't have to store the data in HubSpot, but we can use the form builder in HubSpot to build landing pages and we can track metrics and landing and all of that stuff, which is why HubSpot as a tool is very attractive.  But when we start keeping too much data in HubSpot and we start having to license users, it gets real expensive real fast.  And so that's why I said this.  I don't know, these hiring pipelines, I mean we should probably go like one layer down.  Let's go one step deeper and ask them another question, like how many candidates are we going to process in these pipelines?  And you know, this staging, is it really going to add a lot of sort of operational overhead to our HubSpot?  And the answer is we don't know if we're building a billion dollar company and we're going to do that in the next five years, which is kind of like the roadmap that I think we're on.  You know, we're going to try real hard.  It might take seven to 10 years, but we're going to work real hard on that motion.  We don't know how many candidates are going to be pipeline where.  And so that's the question we're actually working on, like generally with Rudrach and Jazzar and I talking about like, where do we stage this data?  Like where do we keep the candidate data and stage it?
 
 Will Horn: 00:00 
 Because I'm okay as long as we build a reliable solution in AOS to do that indefinitely.  That's a much better answer for me because it keeps this data out of HubSpot or whatever else were talking about earlier.  But right now we can ask the question, where do we need these?  Do we need these pipelines or not?  And the answer is probably not, I think.  Yeah, but we do need a bunch of forms real fast and we need a bunch of landing pages and content that HubSpot does a great job with.  Right?

Juzar: 21:26 
 Yeah.  So like rather than only depending on the forms also like, it's no use of HubSpot to be like, this side.  Like, we can just use the templates of the forms designed by AI directly integrated into the POS and can manage the data pipeline.

Will Horn: 21:43 
 Yeah, I'm completely okay with it, except we lose the marketing visibility of HubSpot when we do that.  Right.  And we haven't.  And to be fair, we haven't used the marketing visibility of HubSpot.  But my guess is we're going to start wanting some of that data soon.  That's the only thing.  Yeah.  So it sounds to me, Rudrach, like the answer is still put the candidate staging in aos.

Rudresh: 22:13 
 Yeah.  So for staging, like, if we can mimic the same stage.

Will Horn: 22:19 
 Yeah.  Do you.  Do you want me to walk through what it's like with a candidate from my perspective so that we can get these?  Because those aren't.  Those probably aren't the stage names that we have.  I mean, they might be the stage names, but we're going to have to kind of work on this iteratively to figure it out.  So do you want me to go ahead on the recording here and walk through what a candidate process looks like from my perspective?  All right.  So we do have first contact, and that could be a submission from a referral, it could be a submission from someone who works here, or it could be a public submission.  We do have forms for this on our websites and we put LinkedIn links to job descriptions all the time.  And we'll be posting, as I said, three to five job descriptions.  So this is the portion of the recording where we'll walk through the people pipeline.  I just wanted to mark that in the words.  So first contact is pretty good.  I think probability is fine, 10% there.  The next thing that's going to happen is somebody from Enterprise is going to talk to the candidate.  There is no application process per se, yet.  So somebody from GDA is going to talk to the candidate, like me, Kyle Paige, Onvitha somebody, and we're going to call that first touch, or first call.  And so after first touch, we're going to understand and disambiguate what we think that person is going to be doing or here for.  And then we're going to seek a set of interviews for culture fit and role fit.  So those are going to be two stages that we go through with the candidate.  At some point before we start doing culture fit and role fit, we should have sent the candidate an NDA so that we can talk openly on the call.  So it sounds like we got first contact.  It sounds like we've got submission, first contact, which is first touch here.  So submission, first touch, NDA culture fit, technical fit, which are not necessarily in any sequenced order.  Both of those things have to be done preferably by two people biased 80% towards each other and 20% towards each other.  So both people are detecting both technical and cultural fit or role fit and cultural fit.  Technical fit is just another word for role skills.  Overlap doesn't mean technology in my set.  So once we've had both of those calls, we need to prepare a job offer or decide that we're disinclined and at a disinclination we would either, you know, recycle or eliminate that candidate or refer out, basically.  And so refer out, you know, is just send that to somebody else.  So that would be an email or a text referral from the person who owns the candidate.  Recycle would be mark them for re interview later.  That could be anywhere from 1 to 12 months ideally.  But we need to mark a proactive event.  If we want to recycle somebody, not just think that they might notionally fit here.  We need to have a reason for that and understand why we would hire them now or like later instead of now or just say that, you know, we'll let them reapply later and then so I think I said refer, recycle or just eliminate.  We can just mark them as not a good candidate that we don't want to spend time on again.  So the next time they reapply, we can send them a nice email that says we don't want to talk to them.  In the case of the candidate, we do want going back to the positive side of things.  We need there prepare a job offer and we need to send that proposal to the candidate along with the benefits information and any of their sort of economic or benefits indicators.  We will have talked about some of that by this point, but at that point we need to start a negotiation.  That's not an offer letter, that is a proposal.  That is a job role proposal.  We will then negotiate with the candidate as quickly as possible and then we need to have a closing commitment moment in there somewhere.  We need to send them at that point a true job offer.  The job offer actually comes from deal.  So by that point they have to be set up in Deal.  If they have a job offer and deal, that means we know their name, address, we don't know their social, we know their name, their address and their personal email which we would have collected up front in the form.  We might not have gotten their mailing address, but we probably should get it at some point, like in the NDA process or at least in the proposal email.  When we send the proposal, we probably need to collect their actual address because the next step after we negotiate that proposal is going to be to actually make their former formal deal set up.  And so when we set up deal, they'll have now a job offer, a benefits package, a proposal letter, and all of that will go to them from Deal for signature.  As best as I know, I don't think that comes from Panda.  I think it goes from Deal.  They sign that.  And so when they sign that, we can automate at the point of signing via deal or aos, we can automate the creation of the user in Google Workspace.  And when they go to Google Workspace, they need to make sure that they get put in the right ou.  Anvitha and I discovered that last week when we create a user and I've shown you guys that right structure, I'm going to work on that this week.  I'm just going to bite the bullet and go change our stuff.  So that might get fun for a minute, but we are going to rely more on the Google Identity source for rights structures as we move through SSO and things like that.  So we just need to make sure they get put in the right ou as the user is created.

Will Horn: 00:00 
 And then they'll be emailed to their personal email address, their Google Credential.  And that Google Credential will provide them SSO access to any number of things that we specify via Google and AWS policies between Google Workspace and the AWS Identity center that we use to control AWS access going forward.  So all of that, I know, Rajesh, I see your connection flipping in and out.  So I think all of that gets us to the point where the employee is now able to log in.  So when they start, they will have a set meeting.  We're going to have multiple scheduling events inside of there.  As you heard, there's multiple sequencing events inside of there where we need to set up calls with the employee and let the potential employee pick from times to talk to me or Paige or whoever they need to talk to for those two interviews that are so important.  And then there's going to be other things like that commitment call where we get on the call and say, hey, you're committing to this.  Is this what you want?  And then once they're created in Deal, when we get through that whole process I just described at length, once they're created there, we still have more to do we now have to assign the onboarding content?  We have to go back and make them accountable to the onboarding content.  We have to ask them for a certification goal as they're onboarding, either in the onboarding content or in this process.  We got to get their people ops dashboard up in aos.  That is part of that.  As soon as they onboard, they need to be able to see their work and see their arrangement with enterprise as we've talked about.  You know, there needs to be mask on that.  I think you guys know that we can't just have that data sitting there publicly.  And they need to get assigned the Moodle content for onboarding.  They need to get a one one set up with their manager and they need to be sort of set up with a set of early requirements that direct their work here so they're not wandering around going, hey, what do we do?  It's like go to AOS and start doing the stuff that's right in front of you.  Nobody has time to sit and talk about it.  Right.  So you guys hear me getting a little objective about it at the end, but okay, cool.  I said a lot of things.  And Rudra just wanted me to give him like seven clean stages.

Rudresh: 30:54 
 Hi.  Sorry, I was on mute.  I was saying something.  Will.  Yeah, thank you for this.  I do have a few questions here like as you said, like the NDA sign papers and their, you know, resume and other documents which needs to be verified.  Where are we going to store that?  Or maybe you answered this before or I missed that because my connection.

Will Horn: 31:21 
 So, so again, none of this has ever worked so we can give any answers that we want here.  So I think the pipeline needs to have infrastructure in AOS if we're going to do all this hiring activity in AOS before it hits deal, which is what we said.  If we're going to use AO's staging and AOS persistence mechanisms to manage all of this hiring, then we need a bucket to store the artifacts that we're going to generate and we need a way to put those artifacts into the process.  In other words, today we do this with a combination of somebody emails me their resume and I probably never store it and if I do, I store it in Google Drive it's and share it and then I go make the job offer in Google Drive and I share that manually.  Right.  So all of this can be done using pre shared keys and S3 buckets.  But we need to coordinate that process because today the pipeline would hold the resume.  Right.  The HubSpot pipeline would just hold the resume.  So the resume would be stored in HubSpot and I would have to go to HubSpot and look it up and all that crap.  Whereas what we're trying to do is just build an easier process here that just exposes only the assets that we need in the time that we need.  So we can standardize.  Part of your question was our documents.  Right.  So we can standardize our documents.  Like the NDA is always here and the customer gets the NDA, but then we need a signing thing.  They need to sign the NDA.  So we're going to have to integrate with Google Drive sign or HubSpot sign or PandaDoc or something to make that actually work.  So when you envision these features, we gotta actually envision how we're gonna make them work for the entire process and all the things we have to do in it, right?

Rudresh: 33:06 
 Yes.  It's a lot of things.

Will Horn: 00:00 
 Yeah, yeah.  You're learning to think, you're learning to envision.  So I can help with some of this.

Divyarajsinh Champavat: 33:16 
 Happy.

Will Horn: 33:16 
 I mean, so I'm happy to help, you know, when we get those questions.  But, you know, the answer is we have to be able to.  Like, the NDA is a great example.  I can give you a static version copy of the NDA at any given moment.  Like we haven't changed it in three months, I think.  Right.  So we can always have one master golden copy of the NDA and we can distribute that anywhere we want.  We can put it in HubSpot or an S3 bucket, or we can put it in Deal or wherever we want.  But in this process, we have to get the NDA signed at the right time and signed not just viewed.  Right.  We have to be able to validate that the candidate signed off.

Anvitha: 33:55 
 Yeah,.

Rudresh: 33:58 
 Right.  And we'll like.  Apart from the NDA, we also need few documents from candidates like their education background or their identification details.  Are we going to also consider that documents?

Will Horn: 34:13 
 I mean, I'm not going to hire people without knowing who they are, if that's your question, but I don't think that's the right question.  We just need to decide.  A form that has a storage interface behind it.  This is what I was talking about a minute ago.  If we're going to put all the forms and all the storage in aos, then AOS is going to have to manage all that.  It's going to have to store the resume when they upload and submit the form.  Right.  We got to have a form somewhere that takes the candidate data and allows a referral or a person to submit themselves to self refer, to have a referral or to have like one of us do it.  Right, which is the same as a referral effectively.  But the form has to accept and store the candidate data and allow the resume submission.  So the HubSpot forms do that.  You could go use that as a model if you're going to build that in aos.  But I don't know, you know, we're not proposing anything yet to solve that.  This.  We're just answering questions about how we might solve it right here.

Rudresh: 35:14 
 Yes, yes, definitely.

Will Horn: 35:20 
 Yeah.  I mean I know how I would solve it.  I would take this recording and build a PRD and just go build it is what I think.  So I can start it.  If it's easier, I can start the feature.  But I think it's.  I mean, I think, you know, there's a choice here that we just talked through and I'm still not sure you guys are aligned to the choice because I'm still looking at this HubSpot page that has stages on it.  So we're either going to use HubSpot pipelines for this or we're going to go build all this in aos.  So do we know the answer to that question yet?

Rudresh: 35:53 
 Oh yes, you answered it.

Will Horn: 35:58 
 okay, cool.  All right, what else?  What else is in here?

Rudresh: 36:06 
 Yeah, so I still have updates on 8 and 8.  So just one minute.

Will Horn: 36:16 
 Is the Zoom downloader working?  I still, I still am looking for that.

Rudresh: 36:21 
 Deveraj was working on that.

Anvitha: 36:33 
 You're on mute.  Divyaj.  We can't hear you if you're talking.

Rudresh: 36:39 
 You are on mute, I guess.  Or maybe your microphone is not working.

Juzar: 36:47 
 Your mic is.

Rudresh: 36:58 
 Still not able to hear.

Will Horn: 36:59 
 Yeah, let me see.  I can, I can just go test it here.

Anvitha: 37:02 
 Yeah, it's not yet downloading.

Juzar: 37:07 
 Well, by that time.  One, I have one question.  Like you mentioned, we need to integrate customer support ticket inside our products, right?  So I see you hearing like in, we do not need to keep much data inside the HubSpot and like we need to opt out as much as we can.  So my question is like, how are we planning to use that?  Like are we relying for some parts of HubSpot in it or like we eventually want to move out everything from up.

Will Horn: 37:43 
 I think the easiest way to answer this question is to tell you that we don't want to rely on HubSpot any more than we have to Jazzara.  So I know you've been exposed to HubSpot for like a multitude of purposes is probably the way to say it.  Like, HubSpot can be a CRM.  It can be like a digital analytics engine for web hosting.  It can be a web host.  Right, all those things.  Effectively.  There are some things that are very valuable about HubSpot, like its ability to capture contacts automatically from emails, some of that digital analytics stuff, or landing pages.  The ability to deploy landing pages, like super fast is good.  But ultimately we don't want to rely on HubSpot any more than we have to, because in about, probably about eight months, HubSpot will go up in price for us by a factor of two.  And then in another year it'll go up by a factor of like five and it'll be something like 20 to $50,000 a month by then, probably.  So basically all the time we are not trying to be dependent on HubSpot.  And so part of the other rationale there for us not being so dependent on HubSpot is that's what we teach our customers, is to build or buy all the time.  So the best answer I can give you is that we want to use HubSpot for the minimal amount of things that it's absolutely required for because the more data and services that we put into HubSpot, the harder it is to kick it out when it gets expensive.  So, yeah, we should, we should always be anticipating those changes.  They're coming all the time.  If you guys don't know that, every customer, every one of your customers will do the same thing I just did right there, we just know.

Will Horn: 00:00 
 Yeah, I don't know.  I don't know about all that.  Yeah, I don't know anything about investing.  Right.  I know that SaaS companies.  So let me give you guys an idea.  And I want to go back to the Zoom thing with Divya, but let me give you an idea.  So imagine if you had 10 HubSpot licenses at GDA, which is about right.  And you were paying something, and we're not paying this much, but if were paying full price for HubSpot right now, it'd be about five to seven thousand dollars a month.  You guys have no idea how unwilling I am to pay that for a software tool ever.  Just to tell you that I will almost never pay that for a piece of software.  It drives me nuts.  Like, it's irreconcilable thing in my head.  And so imagine if we had 10 users and then one day somebody showed up and said, hey, I can attach to that data and get all the work done that I want.  I just need to use it as a contacts database.  So I really just need one fully licensed user now.  And so I'm going to go over to HubSpot and I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to take that contract and I'm going to make all those people, Divya and Jazzar and Sunil, I'm going to make them work in this other dashboard, and.  And I'm just going to use this one user to slurp all the data out of that system every time I want something, right?  And so now I've taken my commercial contract with HubSpot as a customer from 7,000, or let's just call it $5,000 a month to like $500 a month or maybe $1,000 a month.  This is only going to be available for about three years before these companies get really pissed off and figure it out.  But I'm pretty sure that's one of the levers that we have right now is just contract reduction, like life is license reduction and commercial SaaS.  And so to answer Jazzar's question about the stock market, I don't know what happens in the stock market, but I know that SAS companies seeing their commercial clients reduce licensing would be interesting.  And they're going to have to figure that model out.  They're going to have to figure out a way to sell less licenses for more value, probably for less money, but they'll think it's more.  But yeah, it's fascinating as a question to me how these changes actually come out.  Because we know the thing we figured out is the customer can't operationally get out of HubSpot.  We just talked about it.  That was the whole conversation we just talked about is we can't leave HubSpot, but we can minimize the surface area that we're exposed to with HubSpot.  And that's what a lot of enterprises are going to start doing, is looking to reduce the licensing dependency first.  And then they'll suck all the data out of those systems while they're doing it.  And then they'll be like, oh, cool, we don't need workday anymore.  Like, right.  You guys just described to me how we could build workday from scratch right here, basically.  Right.  Explicit to our needs.  Why wouldn't we do that?  Yes, So I don't know.  I. I don't know what happens to HubSpot, but, you know, they're not nice enough to me to make me care just to see it, you know?  So, yeah, they just want money, man.  They came at me with like a $5,000 bill last year, and I was just like, oh, gosh, no, I don't want this at all.

Juzar: 43:13 
 That comes under the top 10 SaaS.  Product pricing too high for that seller.




